Subject: the WIND excitement
Content-Type: text/x-markdown
Alias: wind-in-ottawa
Tags: wind

I heard that WIND stores were actually open in Ottawa, but they are not authorized to sell anything yet.

One such store is 5 minutes from my house, at the Westgate mall, so I dropped by on my lunch break.

<read-more>

Here are some interesting tidbits that I learned from the sales (*um, he wasn't really selling anything*) guy:

 - WIND has a network in Ottawa, but even the WIND staff don't have access to it yet; techs are working
   on fixing coverage issues.  The guy quoted the Verizon "can you hear me now" bit.

 - They don't know when Ottawa will open for business, but I have heard numerous times it will be before the
   end of March.  Which would be nice for people that want to take advantage of the $150 WIND will give you
   for breaking a contract with a competitor.

 - WIND stores have a log book.  If you are interested in knowing when they open, they will phone you
   on the launch day and tell you that they are ready.

 - WIND is even cheaper than I thought.  There are no hidden fees.  And being taught to be cynical about
   "no hidden fees" I didn't actually realize that when they say $15/month they mean $15/month gets you on
   their network without any additional fees what so ever.  OK, so you still have to pay TAX... but there
   are no activation fees.  Nice.

 - WIND is even cheaper than I thought once I got over the "no hidden fees" disbelief.  They don't charge
   for SIM cards or sign up.  I can walk into a store, get SIM, a new number, pay $15 and have voice/SMS
   service for a month.  At the end of the month, I can cancel and pay no additional fees.
   
   OMG!  That's like GSM service in Europe!  Have we finally caught up!?

 - Another person was there asking about an iPhone.  The WIND guy said that they are talking to some 
   providers.  Whatever, I don't care about an iPhone.  All about the [Nexus One]{nexus-one}.

So... WIND, when you call me in 2 weeks, I will go down and sign up.  This still feels like it's too
good to be true.  Maybe ROGERS just tainted my expectations.
